What is the device?   The device is CMF Buds, an eraphone.







What is ENC?	ENC stands for Environmental Noise Cancellation. It is specially tuned to remove unwanted background noise while using the microphone for calls. For your microphone, ENC ensures others won't hear your background noise when speaking.






Do the Buds support dual connectivity?	Yes, Buds support this feature. To enable it, download and install the Nothing X app. Once it's been installed, navigate to the Device Settings page and configure the Dual Connection settings.






Do the Buds support ANC?	The Buds support ANC, in specific, hybrid noise cancellation with a maximum depth of up to 42dB.






What is the battery life of the Buds?	When in music mode with ANC mode turned off, the earphones play music back continuously for 8 hours and the overall battery life, including the charging case, is 35.5 hours. When in music mode with ANC/transparency mode turned on, the earphones play back music continuously for 5.6 hours, and the overall battery life, including the charging case, is 24 hours. When in call mode with ANC mode turned off, the earphones play music back continuously for 5.2 hours, and the overall battery life, including the charging case, is 24 hours. When in call mode with ANC/transparency mode turned on, the earphones play music back continuously for 4.7 hours, and the overall battery life, including the charging case, is 21 hours. Testing conditions: AAC mode, music playback at 50% volume. Charging and battery tests are based on testing conducted by Nothing (at a temperature of 25°C or 77°F). Actual battery life depends on factors such as volume, frequency, output source, environmental interference, product features and usage habits. Actual experience will vary based on individual usage.






Do the Buds support custom EQ settings?	Yes, Buds support this feature.






Which Bluetooth version do the Buds use?	It's Bluetooth 5.3.






What is the battery capacity of the Buds?	Buds: 45mAh Case: 460mAh






How many devices can the earphones connect to simultaneously at maximum capacity?	The Buds store records for up to 8 devices at maximum capacity.






Do the Buds support wireless charging?	The Buds don't support wireless charging.






Are the Buds waterproof and/or dustproof?	The Buds are rated IP54 (5 dustproof, 4 waterproof) based on the IEC 60529 testing standard, under controlled laboratory conditions. The dustproof and waterproof functions are not permanently guaranteed, and protective performance may decrease due to factors such as daily wear and tear or device aging. Avoid charging the Buds in damp conditions. The Buds are not designed for water sports such as swimming and should not be worn during showers. In the event of intense physical activity, heavy sweating or exposure to moisture while you wear the Buds, wipe them clean with a soft, dry, lint-free cloth and store them properly. Do not attempt to expedite the drying process by using heat or compressed air on the Buds. Note: damage caused to the Buds by immersion in liquids is not covered under the warranty.






What is the body of the Buds made of?	The construction features a plastic housing, silicone ear tips, stainless steel hinge, etc. The plastic shell is crafted from high-quality materials, providing lasting resistance to UV exposure and excellent impact resistance.






What is the dial on the charging case for?	The lanyard allows you to carry the charging case handsfree. Simply expose the lanyard hole via the rotating dial.






What is Ultra Bass?	The Buds feature Ultra Bass Technology. The algorithm dynamically detects low-frequency signals in music, enhancing the perception of low frequencies in real time to deliver a more powerful and dynamic bass experience. Users can dynamically adjust the low-frequency intensity based on their listening preferences in the Nothing X app, defining their own high-definition bass experience. Additional options available in the Nothing X app.






What is Dirac Opteo？	The Buds are powered by Dirac Opteo. Dirac Opteo digitally enhances the sound in your earbuds, unlocking their full potential and providing an optimized listening experience based on patented correction technology. Leveraging years of insights from Dirac Live's unique mixed-phase impulse response correction, Opteo employs advanced measurement-based correction technology to eliminate any unintended resonances or sound colourations, maximising the acoustic performance of the Buds. It delivers high-definition sound while enhancing vocals and deepening bass for a richer audio experience.






What devices are compatible with the Buds？	Android 5.1 and above iOS 13 and above






Do the Buds support fast charging?	With a 10-minute charge, the earphones play music back continuously for 2.2 hours with ANC mode off. The charging case provides an additional 4.3 hours of battery life for the earphones (buds and case total 6.5 hours). With ANC mode on, the earphones play music back continuously for 1.6 hours, and the charging case provides an additional 2.7 hours of battery life for the earphones (buds and case total 4.3 hours). Test conditions: Music playback in AAC mode at 50% volume. Charging and battery tests are based on experiments conducted by Nothing (at a temperature of 25°C or 77°F). Actual battery life is influenced by factors such as volume, frequency, output source, environmental interference, product features and user habits. Actual experience will depend on individual usage.






Can the Buds be used with only one earbud?	Once paired and connected, the Buds can only be used on the left or right earbud. If one earbud is lost and the other one is in the charging case, the latter cannot be re-paired with the phone.






How long does the earphone take to automatically power off when inactive?	The earphones will automatically power off after 60 minutes of inactivity when not connected and not worn (the duration may vary between different products). To restore functionality, place the earphones back into the charging case. If the earphones are fully charged and left unused, they will enter a timeout shutdown mode after 10 minutes.






Do the Buds support Google Fast Pair?	Yes, the Buds support this feature.






What do the light effects mean?	Charging: Red light on Full charge: White light on Pairing: White light blinking Battery status: Battery almost depleted: No light Battery less than 30%: Red light on for 3 seconds Battery at least 30%: White light on for 3 seconds Factory reset: Long-press the button on the charging case for 10 seconds. The reset is completed after the red light blinks 3 times.






What audio formats do the Buds support?	The Buds support AAC and SBC.






Do the Buds charge properly when the charging case is low on battery?	The earbuds can be charged when the charging case has less than 30% battery. However, when the charging case is nearly depleted, the indicator LED will not display, and the charging case button will be unresponsive. In such cases, please recharge the charging case promptly.






How many equalizer settings do the Buds have?	CMF by Nothing collaborates closely with Dirac for tuning, aiming to provide a tailored, high-quality listening experience for music enthusiasts, with adaptable audio preferences. In addition to the default Dirac Opteo, there are five other sound effects: Rock, Electronic, Pop, Enhance Vocals and Classical. Dirac also allows users to set effects based on their preferences. Explore additional options in Nothing X app.






Do the Buds support Microsoft Swift Pair？	Yes, the Buds support this feature.






Do the Buds support LE Audio？	No, the Buds don't support this feature.






How do I charge the Buds?	To charge, connect earphones to an adaptor through a Type-C power cable. When the indicator LED of the earphones stays red, the earphones are charging. When it turns white, the earphones are fully charged.






