What is the device?   The device is Nothing Ear 1, an eraphone.









How do I pair my Ear (1)?	To pair Ear (1) with most typical Bluetooth devices:
1) Ensure that your chosen device has Bluetooth on, and is within 10 meters (33 feet) of Ear (1).
2) While Ear (1) is charging in the case, long press the case button for 2 seconds.
3) Search for Ear (1) in your device's Bluetooth menu, and connect.
You can also use the Nothing X app for guided connections.
 
On iOS devices, you will see two options on the Bluetooth device list related to Ear (1): "Nothing Ear (1)" and "Nothing X app". Please connect to "Nothing Ear (1)" for all core earbud functions (i.e. audio, microphone, ANC).
The "Nothing X app" option is only for customising your earbuds (e.g. EQ and gesture control settings) and must be used in conjunction with the Nothing X app.






What types of devices can I pair to Ear (1)?	Ear (1) is compatible with most Bluetooth devices, and anything running Android 5.0+ or iOS 11+ (check your device settings for system software information).






How do I answer, reject and close a call with Ear (1)?	You can control calls using either of your earbuds:

To answer a phone call: double tap the earbud.
To reject a phone call: press and hold the stem.
To hang-up a phone call: double tap the earbud.






How do I mute the microphone during a call?	Ear (1) has no mute button. Mute calls via the software in use on your chosen device.






Can I use just one of my earbuds?	Yes. When using both earbuds, simply place one earbud back into the charging case. Alternatively, remove one earbud from the case and use it independently.






How can I customise the EQ?	Ear (1) comes with 4 EQ presets:
- Balanced
- More Bass
- More Treble
- Voice
 
Change the EQ in the Nothing X app via the "Hear" tab whenever Ear (1) is connected.






How do I control the volume of Ear (1)?	To control volume, slide your finger up (increase volume) or down (decrease volume) on the stem of the Ear (1) earbuds.






How can I check the battery level?	You can also check the battery level of the case or individual earbuds by using the Nothing X app. To check the battery level in the app, ensure the app is active and the case is open.
 
- Green indicates 30%+ battery level.
- Amber indicates 10 - 30% battery level.
- Red indicates your charge is very low, and should be connected to a charger.






Should I worry about leaving Ear (1) connected to the charging source for longer than is required?	No. Ear (1) uses lithium-ion batteries with a built-in feature to stop your charging case from consuming power once the battery is fully charged. This means that even if your charging case is fully charged and connected to a power source, no extra power will be consumed.






Does Ear (1) use power when not in use?	Ear (1) has a built-in timeout feature, which automatically turns the earbuds off when not in use.






How should I clean Ear (1)?	Clean the Ear (1) earbuds using a soft, dry, lint-free cloth, dry cotton swab or baby wipes.
Do not use sharp objects or abrasive materials.






Where can I find the product manual?	The Ear (1) manual is provided in the box. 
You can also find a digital version at this link and browse these FAQs to find additional product information.






Where can I find the serial number of my Ear (1)?	The Ear (1) serial number can be found on the box just below the bar code or engraved on the metallic closure of the case lid.






I don’t have a Phone (1). Can I still access all the settings and features of Ear (1) and Ear (stick) on my phone?	Yes. For all other Android and iOS device holders, download the Nothing X app on the Google Play or App Store to access all Ear (1) and Ear (stick) settings and features.






I have a Phone (1) and the Ear (1) app. Can I still use it after I download the Nothing X app?	No. When you update Phone (1) to 1.1.4, the Ear (1) app icon will automatically disappear, and all features and settings will be integrated into Phone (1) under Device Details.






I don’t have a Phone (1), but I do have the Ear (1) app. Can I still use it after I download the Nothing X app?	No. Update your Ear (1) app in the Google Play or App Store and it will automatically become the Nothing X app, where you can access all settings and features for Ear (1) and Ear (stick).






I don’t have a Phone (1) or the Ear (1) app. How do I access the settings and features of Ear (1) and/or Ear (stick)?	If you have another Android or iOS device, download the Nothing X app on the Google Play or App Store.






I have a Phone (1). Do I need to download the Nothing X app to access Ear (1) and Ear (stick)’s settings and features?	No. As long as your Phone (1) is running on Nothing OS 1.1.4 and higher, all features will be automatically accessible in Device Details when you pair Ear (1) or Ear (stick).






