What is the device?   The device is Nothing Ear Open, an earphone.









How do I download the Nothing X app?	Download the Nothing X app by searching for it on the Google Play store for Android devices and the App Store for iOS devices.

Alternatively, go to our website and scan the QR code: https://intl.nothing.tech/pages/nothing-x-app-download. The QR code is also available in the user guide inside the packaging or on the packaging box.






How do I use the control functions on Ear (open)?	Single-pinch
Music
Both earbuds: play / pause

Call
Both earbuds: answer or hang up a call

Double-pinch
Music 
Both earbuds: next song

Call
Both earbuds: reject a call

Triple-pinch
Music
Both earbuds: previous song

Pinch and hold
Left: volume down
Right: volume up

Explore more options in the Nothing X app, including: skip back, skip forward, volume up, volume down and wake up Voice Assistant.






How do I adjust the volume on Ear (open)?	You can adjust the volume directly on your phone or use the Pinch and hold gesture in the Nothing X app. Pinch and hold for 1 second, adjust the volume. Once triggered in the Pinch and hold state, the volume changes by one bar every 0.9 seconds and stops rising when the Pinch control is released.






How do I reset Ear (open)?	Place both earbuds into the charging case, with the case open. Press and hold the function button on the charging case for 10 seconds. The reset is complete when the red light flashes three times.






How does Dual Connection work?	Re-connection
1. If Ear (open) has been paired with multiple devices, it automatically connects to the most recently connected device when the charging case lid opens.
2. If Ear (open) reconnects by returning to the Bluetooth connection range, it automatically connects to the most recently connected device.

Connection priority
1. When no audio (music, video or call) is running on the two connected devices, Ear (open) can be manually connected to a third device to play audio.
2. When audio is running on only one device, Ear (open) can replace the one without audio and manually connect to a third device to play audio.
3. If both connected device are on a call, Ear (open) can't set up a new connection with a third device.






How do gesture controls work when Dual Connection is enabled?	Gesture controls take effect on the device running the audio (music, video or call). When no audio is running on the connected devices, they take effect on the most recently connected device.






How does audio output work for Ear (open) when Dual Connection is enabled?	When no audio (music, video or call) is running on the two connected devices:
Ear (open) plays audio from the first device receiving the incoming call/making an outgoing call, or from the first device playing back music or video.

When only device A is playing back music or video:
1) Ear (open) switches to device B if there is an incoming call or if device B is making an outgoing call. Calls take priority with Dual Connection. Once the call on device B ends, Ear (open) resumes the music/video playback from device A.
2) When device B starts playing back music or video, Ear (open) plays back audio from the device that first played back music or video.






How do calls work when Dual Connection is enabled?	If none of the two connected devices are on a call, the call audio comes from the device that first receives an incoming call. If device A has a call in progress, and you receive an incoming call on device B, Ear (open) plays the ringtone at the same time. If device A hangs up, Ear (open) switches the call audio to device B.

If you have any further questions about Dual Connection, please check the description on nothing.tech, or contact our Customer Service.






How do I trigger gesture controls on Ear (open)?	Press the area located at the side of the earbud. The exact location is also shown in the instruction manual.

Note: the area is very sensitive so only press when you want to trigger a function to avoid false triggering.






How do I activate the Voice Assistant on Ear (open)?	The Voice Assistant is disabled by default. To enable it, go to the Control section in the Nothing X app, choose either the left or right ear and select the Double pinch and hold gesture. Once enabled, the Voice Assistant can be activated on demand.

For additional features, download the Nothing X App from the Google Play store or the iOS App Store.






How do I activate ChatGPT on Ear (open)?	1) ChatGPT is only compatible with Nothing smartphones. Ensure your phone system is updated to the latest version. 
2) Upgrade the Nothing X app to the latest version. 
3) Make sure to download, install and log into the ChatGPT app from the Google Play store and use the ChatGPT Voice feature at least once. 
4) Enable and apply the ChatGPT setting through Nothing X app > Controls > Voice AI > ChatGPT.






Why do I feel that the earbuds don't fit snugly against the ear or tend to fall out easily	We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. The Nothing Ear (open) is designed with an open design that rests comfortably on the side of your ear, providing a breathable experience, a more natural listening sensation, and extended battery life.
Recognizing that ear shapes vary widely, we understand that the fit and comfort may require some adjustment, especially for first-time users. Incorrect wearing methods can indeed impact comfort and stability.
To achieve the best fit, we advise following the adjustment guidelines in the user manual and official channel to find the optimal angle for your ears.
At Nothing, we take your feedback seriously and are committed to continuous improvement in our products.
Thank you for your understanding and support!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFuZMuhVt2U






