What can I do if the weather information on my Watch Pro does not update or does not display?	1. Check that the Watch Pro is connected to the CMF Watch app and to Bluetooth. If the Watch Pro is disconnected, it displays the weather information from the last time it was connected. After reconnecting, the Watch Pro's weather information will be updated. 2. The weather information on the Watch Pro's weather card will be automatically cleared after 00:00. You need to connect the Watch Pro to the app again the next day to update the weather information. 3. Press the button on the Watch Pro to enter Settings--System Menu, then click Restart. Or, press and hold the button, then click Restart and check again. 4. To experience the latest firmware features, you can upgrade the firmware to the latest version in the CMF Watch app. To do this, open the CMF Watch app, go to the Device page, and click Device Upgrade. 5. Upgrade the CMF Watch app to the latest version in the Google Play store or App Store to check if this resolves the issue. 6. If the above steps do not resolve the issue, press the button on Watch Pro to enter Settings--System Menu. Click Reset. Then, check again to see if the issue is resolved.






How can I make the weather information on my Watch Pro match my phone's weather information?	1. Make sure that your Watch Pro is connected to the CMF Watch app and to Bluetooth. 2. Check whether the weather update time is the current time. If the Watch Pro is disconnected, it displays the weather information from the last time it was connected. After reconnecting, the Watch Pro's weather information will be updated. 3. Press the button on the Watch Pro to enter Settings--System Menu, then click Restart. Or, press and hold the button, then click Restart and check again. 4. To experience the latest firmware features, you can upgrade the firmware to the latest version in the CMF Watch app. To do this, open the CMF Watch app, go to the Device page, and click Device Upgrade. 5. If the above steps do not resolve the issue, press the button on Watch Pro to enter Settings--System Menu. Click Reset. Then, check again to see if the issue is resolved.






